Add URDF CLI converter (#2885)
cyberbotics/webots: docs/reference/changelog-r2021.md

    - Exposed `stopERP` and `stopCFM` parameters in [HingeJointParameters](hingejointparameters.md) that define the local `ERP` and `CFM` used by joint limits.
    - Made the [TIAGo](../guide/tiago-base.md) robot more sturdy by increasing the `suspensionSpringConstant` value ([#2876](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2876)).
    - Altered the collision detection logic for [Robot.selfCollision](robot.md) to ignore chains of joints if the intermediary joints all share the same `anchor` point ([#2868](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2868)).

>     - Allow the URDF exportation from the command line ([#2885](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2885)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Added conversion from PROTO to URDF from the webots command line ([#2885](https://github.com/cyberbotics/webots/pull/2885)).
```
